Imperial edict arrives.
By the grace of Heaven, the Emperor decrees: Su Shi's daughter, Qingyu,
is of virtuous conduct,
and is prudent and careful.
She is officially appointed as Consort Rong.
She is granted residence in the Changchun Palace.
Heavenly blessings.
I understand.
I hope Consort Rong will be more impressive.
The stage has been set.
There’s no reason for the performance to fail.
George is a cunning name.
With your help, I believe I can defeat Consort Yan.
I hope so.
Go back.
Why? Why is it Su Qiuyu, that despicable person?
I am unwilling.
Ah, ah!
Ah!
Who is that? That’s Consort Rong’s younger sister.
The selection failed. The Emperor was angry and had her beaten with twenty lashes.
The second master has been crippled since then. Hmph.
Well, when one feels sleepy, someone hands a pillow.
Find a way to keep this person.
This palace will have great use for her in the future.
The Changchun Palace is being set up in a hurry.
If anything is missing, let Biyuan fetch it from the inner court.
Don’t move. The Emperor seems off.
Could it be that he is attracted to my beauty?
Your Majesty, it’s daytime.
So what if it’s daytime?
Daytime. Daytime is not for that kind of thing.
What kind of thing?
Don’t be afraid. I am not that reckless a person.